src/content/blog/resources-for-developers/index.md, before:

---
title: 'Resources for Developers'
description: 'A curated list of resources to help developers improve their skills and knowledge.'
date: '2025-06-13'
---

## Podcasts

- https://feeds.acast.com/public/shows/software-unscripted (Richard Feldman, creator of Roc)
- https://youtube.com/@developervoices?si=lTgUy-y7OelLYXU9
- https://youtube.com/@ryansolid?si=LAhBRy34wQvsV20R (Ryan Carniato, author of SolidJs)

## Blogs

- [Yegor Bugayenko](https://www.yegor256.com/2015/02/09/serious-code-reviewer.html)
- [Dan Abramov](https://overreacted.io/)
- [Joel Spolsky](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/)
- [Bartosz Milewski](https://bartoszmilewski.com/)

## Functional Programming

- Category Theory Lectures by
  Bartosz Milewski: [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8LbkfSSR58&list=PLbgaMIhjbmEnaH_LTkxLI7FMa2HsnawM_)
- [Category Theory for Programmers](https://bartoszmilewski.com/2014/10/28/category-theory-for-programmers-the-preface/), [PDF](https://github.com/hmemcpy/milewski-ctfp-pdf/)
- [Elm in action](https://www.manning.com/books/elm-in-action) by Richard Feldman.

Commit message:

fix: update resources for developers blog post with additional content

src/content/blog/resources-for-developers/index.md, after:

---
title: 'Resources for Developers'
description: 'A curated list of resources to help developers improve their skills and knowledge.'
date: '2025-06-13'
---

## Podcasts and Livestreams

- [Software Unscripted](https://feeds.acast.com/public/shows/software-unscripted)—Richard Feldman, author of [Roc](https://www.roc-lang.org/).
- [Developer Voices](https://youtube.com/@developervoices?si=lTgUy-y7OelLYXU9)—interviews with developers.
- [Ryan Carniato](https://youtube.com/@ryansolid?si=LAhBRy34wQvsV20R)—author of Solid.js.

## Blogs

- [Yegor Bugayenko](https://www.yegor256.com/2015/02/09/serious-code-reviewer.html)
- [Dan Abramov](https://overreacted.io/)
- [Joel Spolsky](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/)
- [Bartosz Milewski](https://bartoszmilewski.com/)

## Functional Programming

- Category Theory Lectures by
  Bartosz Milewski: [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8LbkfSSR58&list=PLbgaMIhjbmEnaH_LTkxLI7FMa2HsnawM_).
- [Category Theory for Programmers](https://bartoszmilewski.com/2014/10/28/category-theory-for-programmers-the-preface/), [PDF](https://github.com/hmemcpy/milewski-ctfp-pdf/)
- [Elm in action](https://www.manning.com/books/elm-in-action) by Richard Feldman.
